Sakuli/sakuli.GitHub.io#127/create migration page (#49)
sakuli/docs: content/writing_tests/_index.md

weight: 2
---

# Writing Tests

> Learn how to write Tests with Sakuli 2. A good point to start from is to learn about the [anatomy]({{< ref "anatomy.md" >}}) of Sakuli 2 projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to create fully-fledged Sakuli tests from start to finish.
```
